1. Header Section
App Name and Logo: Display the project name "Textura" with a logo or icon that represents the app's functionality (like a document or text icon).
Navigation Menu: Provide links for users to navigate to other sections of the site, such as:
About
Features
Contact
Login/Sign Up (if you're implementing user authentication)


2. Hero Section
Heading: A catchy headline that explains the value of the app. For example:
"Extract Text from Images and PDFs Effortlessly!"
"Turn Your Documents into Editable Text in Seconds!"
Subheading: Briefly explain what the app does.
"Upload images or PDFs and let Textura extract all the text you need. Easy, fast, and accurate!"
Call to Action (CTA): A prominent button to encourage users to get started.
"Start Extracting" or "Upload Document"


3. How It Works (Features Section)
Step-by-Step Process: Show how the app works in a few simple steps:
Step 1: Upload a document (image or PDF)
Step 2: Text extraction begins (can include visual of document being processed)
Step 3: View and edit the extracted text
Icons or Visuals: Use clear icons or visuals to represent each step for easy understanding.


4. Key Features
Highlight the core features of your app:
Text Extraction: "Extract text from images or PDFs effortlessly."
Editable Text: "Edit and format the extracted text."
Multiple File Formats: "Supports PNG, JPG, PDF, and more!"
Language Support: "Available in multiple languages."


5. Testimonials or Reviews Section
If you have any feedback or testimonials from users (or sample users), showcase them here.
This helps build trust and demonstrates the app’s usefulness.


6. Footer Section
Contact Information: Email, phone, or a contact form.
Social Media Links: Links to your social media profiles if applicable (e.g., Twitter, Facebook).
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service: Provide links to your privacy policy and terms of service if applicable.


7. Optional Additions
Demo Video: A quick demo video showing how the app works can be very engaging and informative.
Pricing Plans: If your app has premium features or plans, display them here. Otherwise, indicate it's free for basic usage or has a free trial.




//the posible list i have ot work
1. PDF Conversions
PDF to Word
PDF to Excel
PDF to PowerPoint
PDF to Image (JPG/PNG)
PDF to Text
PDF to HTML
PDF to CSV
PDF to EPUB
2. Word Conversions
Word to PDF
Word to Excel
Word to PowerPoint
Word to Image (JPG/PNG)
Word to Text
Word to HTML
Word to ODT (OpenDocument Text)
3. Excel Conversions
Excel to PDF
Excel to Word
Excel to CSV (done)
Excel to Image (JPG/PNG) (done)
Excel to HTML (done)
Excel to JSON (done)
Excel to ODS (OpenDocument Spreadsheet)
4. PowerPoint Conversions
PowerPoint to PDF
PowerPoint to Word  (not working)
PowerPoint to Excel
PowerPoint to Image (JPG/PNG)
PowerPoint to Video (MP4) 
PowerPoint to HTML
5. Image Conversions
Image (JPG/PNG) to PDF
Image to Word
Image to Excel
Image to Text (OCR)
6. CSV Conversions
CSV to PDF
CSV to Excel (done)
CSV to Word (word)
CSV to JSON (done)
CSV to HTML (done)
7. Text Conversions
Text to PDF (done)
Text to Word (done)
Text to HTML (done)
Text to CSV (done)



packege to conver jpg to PNG
npm install file-saver (worked)


package to conver pdf to jpg
npm install pdfjs-dist file-saver (not worked)

package to convert pdf to Word
npm install pdf2docx (not work)

i have use node js backend server for convertion of pdf to word 
npm i axios (not work)


package to convert pdf to jpg
npm install pdfjs-dist docxtemplater
npm install docx


package to convert svg to PNG
npm install html-to-image(working)


package to convert  Text to PDF 
npm install jspdf(working)

package to convert text to word
npm install docx
npm install file-saver(working)

package to convert text to html
no package required(working)

packace to convert text to CSV(.exc)
no package required (working)

package to convert csv to JSON
no package required (working)

package to convert csv to html (table code appear)
no package required (working)

Package to convert csv to word 
no package required(working)

package to convert csv to excell
npm install xlsx (working)


//appart from topic
package to convert json to excell
npm install xlsx (working)

//appart from topic
package to cnovert json to word
npm install docxtemplater pizzip (not working)



PowerPoint to word
npm install pizzip docxtemplater pptxgenjs file-saver
npm install xml2js
npm install jszip@3(not working)


package to convert excell to csv
no package required (working)

package to convert excell to image
no package required (working)

package to convert excell to json
no package required (working)

package to convert excel to html or react componet
no package required (working)